mrtg/README.md, before:

# Fritzbox bandwidth monitor with mrtg

This directory contains the files to build a container with kiwi to monitor
the bandwith usage of your Fritzbox with mrtg and some scripts around it to
start and manage the container with systemd and podman.

## Run the container

With default configuration:

```
  podman run -d -p 80:80 thkukuk/fritzbox-bandwidth-monitor
```

The data get's fetched from the Fritzbox with the IP `192.168.178.1`, the
statistic can be seen on `http://localhost/fritzbox.html`.

For persistent data and HTML output:
```
  mkdir -p /srv/fritzbox
  podman run -d -v /srv/fritzbox:/srv/www/htdocs -p 80:80 thkukuk/fritzbox-bandwidth-monitor
```

## Environment Variables

- POLL_INTERVAL 	- Poll interval in seconds, default `300`
- MAX_DOWNLOAD_BYTES 	- Max. incoming traffic in Bytes per Second, default `16000000000`
- MAX_UPLOAD_BYTES      - Max. outgoing traffic in Bytes per Second, default `5300000000`
- FRITZBOX_NR           - Fritzbox model, default `7530`
- FRITZBOX              - IP address of fritzbox, default `192.168.178.1`
- RUN_WEBSERVER=[0|1]   - If a webserver should be started, default `1`

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](Screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Document benefit of the container

mrtg/README.md, after:

# Fritzbox bandwidth monitor with mrtg

This directory contains the files to build a container with kiwi to monitor
the bandwith usage of your Fritzbox with mrtg and some scripts around it to
start and manage the container with systemd and podman.

The fritzbox bandwidth monitor uses mrtg to monitor the bandwith usage of
your fritzbox. Only the IP address of the fritzbox is required for this.
The container also includes a web server to show the current statistic.

## Run the container

With default configuration:

```
  podman run -d -p 80:80 thkukuk/fritzbox-bandwidth-monitor
```

The data get's fetched from the Fritzbox with the IP `192.168.178.1`, the
statistic can be seen on `http://localhost/fritzbox.html`.

For persistent data and HTML output:
```
  mkdir -p /srv/fritzbox
  podman run -d -v /srv/fritzbox:/srv/www/htdocs -p 80:80 thkukuk/fritzbox-bandwidth-monitor
```

## Environment Variables

- POLL_INTERVAL 	- Poll interval in seconds, default `300`
- MAX_DOWNLOAD_BYTES 	- Max. incoming traffic in Bytes per Second, default `16000000000`
- MAX_UPLOAD_BYTES      - Max. outgoing traffic in Bytes per Second, default `5300000000`
- FRITZBOX_NR           - Fritzbox model, default `7530`
- FRITZBOX              - IP address of fritzbox, default `192.168.178.1`
- RUN_WEBSERVER=[0|1]   - If a webserver should be started, default `1`

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](Screenshot.png)
